---
layout: post
title:  "Takeoff"
categories: [ thoughts ]
image: assets/images/14.jpeg
tags: [ sticky ]
---

Just like other normal planes, the **Boeing 747** was waiting in the queue- along with hundred other airplanes waiting for runway clearance. Usually, a plane would need to spend around 12–14 years waiting in the line. For an airport that size- it wasn't odd.

There were planes of other sizes and models waiting in the queue. In fact, there were multiple queues- as a result, two individual plane getting into two different queue would usually get clearance before one another. It took the Boeing 747 a total of 14 years to get the clearance for takeoff.

It's been three year since the Boeing 747 started running- and it's still ongoing. Since then the plane has been trying its best to gain speed, there's no tension for fuel, however. The plane has lost some passengers along the runway. The loss of the passengers have made the plane heavier whereas it should've made it lighter. Finding that it's taking longer than usual, the plane throws off it's unwanted baggage- giving more fuel to its engines.

At this moment, the end of the runway can be seen. At best, the plane might take another year to gain the threshold speed to get ready for the takeoff. If it somehow fails, it's not only going to crash into the wired fence of the airport, but also fall into the **Kudarc River**- along with all the passengers. The plane's brake is neither too strong nor there is enough distance to cover it.

I mean it's not a movie where a miracle would take place but it can surely hope for one, apart from keep gaining speed.

[ Based on one of my bed time thoughts ]

Assets: photo by **Dominic Scythe** on **Unsplash**
